Restructurize docs (#31)
asyncapi/asyncapi-react: docs/development/releasing.md

# Releasing

## Overview

> Read the document to find out how to release new version of library and/or playground, and create release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the document to find out how to:
- Release a new version of the library or playground
- Create release notes
```

> ## Publish library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Publish the library
```

> To publish new version of library, please run following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish a new version of the library, run the following commands:
```

```
$ npm version {version_kind} -m "Upgrade to %s for reasons: {reason}"
```

> where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script uses these parameters:
```

> - `{version_kind}` - version of release (available [https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/version.html#synopsis](versions)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{version_kind}` is a version of the release. See the available [versions](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/version.html#synopsis).
```

> - `{reason}` - short description of incoming changes in release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{reason}` is a short description of the incoming changes in the release.
```

> **NOTE:** If you have problem with publishing, please contact with administration of repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If you have any publishing issues, contact the repository administrators.
```

> ## Publish playground app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Publish the playground application
```

> [Playground application](https://www.asyncapi.com/asyncapi-react/) is hosted on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/). To publish new version of playground application run following command at [playground](../../playground) directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [playground application](https://www.asyncapi.com/asyncapi-react/) is hosted on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/). To publish its new version, run the following command in the [playground](../../playground) directory:
```

```
$ npm run publish:upstream
```

> You can also publish playground app at yours github profile by command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also publish the playground app with your GitHub profile using this command:
```

```
$ npm run publish:origin
```

> **NOTE:** If you have problem with publishing, please contact with administration of repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If you have any publishing issues, contact the repository administrators.
```

## Release notes

Follow these steps to create a changelog for the new release.

1. Generate the changelog using the [`lerna-changelog`](https://github.com/lerna/lerna-changelog) tool. Run the following command to generate the changelog content for PRs merged after creating the last Git tag:

    ```
    $ npm run changelog
    ```

    You can also generate the changelog content corresponding to PRs merged in-between particular Git tags:

    ```
    $ npm run changelog -- --from=v{pre-version} --to=v{post-version}
    ```

    The `lerna-changelog` tool detects changes based on PR labels and maps them to sections as per the configuration in the `package.json` file.

    ```
      "changelog": {
        "labels": {
          "breaking": ":boom: Breaking Changes",
          "enhancement": ":rocket: Enhancements",
          "bug": ":bug: Fixed",
          "area/library": ":zap: Library",
          "area/playground": ":video_game: Playground app",
          "area/documentation": ":memo: Documentation"
        }
        ...
      }
    ```

>     **NOTE:** `{pre-version}` and `{post-version}` have a following form: `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **NOTE:** Both `{pre-version}` and `{post-version}` follow the `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH` format.
```
